# Land & Water module
The land use and water modules are effectively interlinked in nature. Though we have different naming conventions and technologies to represent the two modules inside CLEWs-EU, their inputs and outputs are interdependent. The water module represents the different primary sources, namely water from precipitation and snow melt, water from existing surface and ground water sources, water from neighbouring geographies by transboundary river exchanges, as well as secondary sources like water from treatment plants in some countries.  There is a simplified representation of the water balance in the model for each country.  In the land module, the total land available in the continent (in the aggregated model) and in each country (in the disaggregated model) is divided into eight major land categories based on the European Space Agency’s land cover classifications. These are namely: grassland, cropland, baren land (includes snow cover), water bodies, shrubland, forest cover, built up land, and wetland (includes mangroves, lichens and wetlands). Representing land and water systems in a generic systems optimisation setup involves using relevant assumptions to simplify their characterisation and at the same time ensuring not a lot of the essential detail is lost. Effectively, the land and water modules represent the balance of the two resources (i.e., land and water) in the respective systems. Despite accounting for the balance of these resources, some components like groundwater storage are not considered in these modules as it involves detailed sub surface flow modelling, which is outside the scope of the model. Additionally, detailed hydrological water routing across the countries is outside the scope of this work. To represent water flows from one country to another, we use historical cross border flow numbers from Eurostat and consider a historical average for the future. In the following section, a sample of the technology representation in the land and water modules is presented, along with some common data sources. 

# Running the stand alone Land and water module
To run the land and water module separately, please use the model file (**OSeMOSYS_CLEWs-EU_annual.txt**) available in this OSeMOSYS code folder. This model is in a draft stage with a yearly time resolution.
